---
title: My Third Blogpost, Suckaaaaahhhhh!!!!
author: Andy Pohl
layout: post
tags: [money, jokes, monkey]
gravatar: 08a53b978e2745e9555f608e97c89df8
---

Good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. brain freeze. look ma i'm road kill good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... it's because i'm green isn't it! we're not sheep!

Alrighty then what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. here she comes to wreck the day. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us.

Brain freeze. we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. kinda hot in these rhinos. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. look ma i'm road kill excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" your entrance was good, his was better. we're not sheep! alrighty then here she comes to wreck the day.

Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. your entrance was good, his was better. it's because i'm green isn't it! well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. kinda hot in these rhinos. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid.