---
title: My Second Blog Post
author: Brain Train
layout: post
tags: [fun, money, gripe]
---

Yes, i used a machine gun. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. are you feeling lucky punk pull my finger! man's gotta know his limitations.

Don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. my lord! you're a tripod. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.

You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? this is my gun, clyde! dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? yes, i used a machine gun. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world!

You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. pull my finger! my lord! you're a tripod. man's gotta know his limitations. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off.